Do you have any conspiracy theories about it yet? Like Catherine from?
Adventures ago, how do you see these?
There's so many of them.
If you like stand by her and the AFK, like the voice line from the MPC's like little chat bubble.
Yeah, and then also the keyhole in the back of her
Thank you.
Do you have any idea like, uhhh
is about like this
ohhh
I like the theories, they're pretty fun. I mean Fontaine had like a ton of theories
There's a bunch of there's like
6 to 8 word class that were actually linked together in a social network to give like a real piece of work.
but right now with natalyn wait can i give you spoilers ?
what?
So basically you're doing that and that leg.
There's like this entire tournament going on and then people are competing to go fight the abyss.
and like a war and then like
One of the characters that you meet when you die is a little 8 year old child.
What's going on? and She dies?
And then they're supposed to bring her back. That's like customary, right?
But she doesn't come back, so they're like, what's going on? so then
Honestly, that's as far as I've gotten so far, but I know at the end, one of the harbingers
Like the guy with the weird mask and like, yeah
So basically, he shows up to that one.
It's canon, the Harbingers are capable of taking off their fur coats.
They're capable of taking the Colt Top? Crazy, right? Okay, um, so they- sorry.
so
because and then they fight with the (***)
At the end, I heard he dies. I don't know why.
I haven't done the quest itself yet.
umm yeah we are getting about to it
Me, I speak to myself.
Or like, you know how we were, like, high chat to, like, no one in particular? Like, chat what is...
like that's literally me. ohh
Yeah, no, that's like, that's weird slang.
wait but like for genshin actually umm
It's Sasha finishing this release in like
2020.
ohh literally
I started in 2020 and now it's 2025. That's so weird.
Did you play Hawkeye before?did u play hawkeye?
(****) in like  March of 2020.
no,March of 2020
2021. that was my..
Because my friends likes it so she got me into it
actually after i finished the icon quest in like one snap
really really really really emotionally attached to it.
so i didnt wanna finish the quest actually uk the end of each quest
The Archons there, you can ask them questions about the lore.
Like I didn't want to like to say like oh, there's no more questions
(****)
Who was your favorite character at the time?who was your favorite character?
When you're like, when you're playing. Like, where do you pick the characters?
oh did you see that costume?
costume (***) the costume (***)
It's so cute, isn't it?
No, but it's so cute! It's actually so cute!
but the outfits too
(****)
How much storage do you have?
I have like 400 on my laptop, but 200 are taken up by some mystery thing.
Consuming my storage
genshin takes up so much storage idk how u sit with that